Content
1. Introduction
2. Platforms
2.1 RedHat Linux
2.2 MacOS

3. Configuration Options
3.1 Tracing
3.2 Console
3.3 Interactive Prompting
3.4 Raw Device
3.5 GUI

1. Introduction

At present, rdd is distributed as a source package only. I develop
and test on a RedHat9 Linux distribution.  This may change.

I have little time to test the distribution on other systems,
so I depend on other users' input for installation instructions
for those systems.

If you are lucky, then configuration and installation can be as
easy as

	./configure
	make
	make install

You must be root to install rdd, unless you change the installation
directories.

2. Platforms
2.1 RedHat Linux
2.2 Mandrake Linux

3. Configuration Options

You may wish to customize your rdd configuration.  Besides the standard
configuration options (such as --prefix), you can set rdd-specific options.
Type
	./configure --help

Rdd-specific options are discussed in the following subsections.

3.1 Tracing

--enable-tracing

This is a developer option.  If you enable tracing rdd will print
debug messages.  You should not need this option.  This option is
disabled by default.

3.2 Console

--disable-console

By default, rdd will send certain messages to the console device
(/dev/console) and will read a user's answer to interactive questions
from the console device.

3.3 Interactive Prompting

--disable-prompting

By default, rdd will try to behave in a safe manner. When you are
about that is something potentially harmful, such as overwriting an
existing file, rdd will ask whether you are sure about that action.
This is called prompting.

Prompting can be disabled at run time through the -q option. If you
wish to disable prompting at compile time then use --disable-prompting.

In GUI mode, rdd will always prompt. GUI prompting cannot be disabled.

3.4 Raw Device

--enable-raw

By enabling raw-device support you can let rdd read from a raw device.
A raw device is a pseudo device that is connected to a block device
(e.g. /dev/hda). If the block device is accessed through the corresponding
raw device, then error recovery will work better.  Read the rdd manual
page to learn more about raw-device support.

3.5 GUI

--enable-gui

Enable GUI support if you wish to use rdd's graphical user interface.
To build the GUI you will need the GTK-2 and Glade-2 development packages
for your Linux system.
